HR Policies:


Work Related Query:

   ·  Needs to be discussed with the supervisor and its best to move up the hierarchy in such
      scenarios.

Coeus Benefits:
   ·  Its better to discuss thing on paper than verbally and the policy of discussing all the benefits
      at the start on the offer letter is good for someone like me.

Leaves:
   ·  The most attractive point of leaves policy is that the privilege leaves are cashed at the time
      of one's resignation and if not they are carried to the next year.
   ·  The tool we'll be using for HR is CSHR seems to be quite a transparent tool although I
      haven't used it yet.
   ·  The point of restricting not to work elsewhere while on leave is quite ethical.

EPF:
   ·  Its one good way of saving our money. Otherwise its difficult for us to keep saving money
      every month.
   ·  The most attractive part of EPF is that we get the amount doubled when we leave the
      company but that applies only after a year when we join. The more you provide services to
      the company the more they will appreciate you.
   ·  Its not the very big amount that is being deducted from our basic salary i-e only 5% of the
      basic salary so it doesn't pinch us a big time.
   ·
Evaluation and Salary:
   ·  Evaluations are something which makes people keep working. Through this our learning
      will be increased and we'll start doing quality work.
   ·  To get a salary at the start of the month is also a plus of a company. It feels good when you
      get rewarded at company's earliest.
   ·
Increment:
   ·  Yearly increments based on the performance make others work hard and strive to gain more
      and more everyday.
   ·  The procedure of increments is quite length and it seems pretty mature, it moves upward in
      the hierarchy.

Promotion:
   ·  Anyone after a certain time period can apply for the promotion.
   ·  It also needs letters of recommendation too and to get those one needs to work hard, show
      his/her performance throughout the year/years
   ·  The most attention gaining part of this policy is that it gets the best out a person in order to
      get promoted.

Masters Scholarship:
   ·  I think its a long a time of 4 years to get eligible for that. It should be reduced to 2,3 years.
      Because i think in the most cases after 4 years of job families start thinking of marrying their
      child and also the interest in studying would be reduced by then. Although i know company
      thinks of whats best for both employee and also for itself, its hard to keep up the living
      while studying in Berlin.

Resignation Policy:
   ·  Most companies bound their employees by making them sign a contract which I think gives
      a very negative impression and resigning before the contract time pays make them suffer big
      time, some companies even restrict that particular employee not to work on some certain
      technology like in the game development some companies say that we cannot work on unity
      for some years if we leave them before the time.
   ·  1 month notice period seems good and I think its ethical too to let company know before
      leaving.
   ·  One of the other attracting points is company says that we should first talk to them
      resigning, if they could resolve the problem they would definitely do and if they couldn't
      then they give the open opportunity to the employee to do what he/she thinks is best for
      him/her.

Operations:
   ·  Whenever booking a presentation hall or a metting hall is required, operation manager will
      be the one whom we should contact with. This is a nice to make sure that there are no two
      meetings or presentations scheduled at the same.
   ·  Whenever sytem related issue come, operation manager should be informed. He will make
      sure that we get rid of that issue.
   ·  Keep track of lunch meals and arranging inhouse lunch meals also comes under the
      operation manager. To arrange an inhouse lunch is also a very good facility which company
      is providing.
   ·  Apart from all these any operation related issue is resolved by operation manager. And so far
      I haven't faced a single issue but I came to know is operation manager is a very good in
      resolving problems.

Bank Accounts:
   ·  Accounts manager Muzzaffar is the one who helps us in making our standard charterred
      bank account free of cost, apart from the bank account we are provided with ATM cards,
      cheque books and also give us the oppurtunity to avail the credit card and debit card. Most
      attractive thing is we dont have to go after the bank's employee, Muzzaffar saves us from all
      the tiresome work by calling the bank employee over to the company for a day.

Reimbersement:
   ·  All the issues related to reimbersement are dealt by Muzzaffar.
   ·  In case of medical fund, we just have to submit the medical prescription and a reciept of
      medicines. It will be reimbersed within few days by Muzzaffar. The best part is we can ask
      our medical fund any time of the year, we can ask for the advance medical allowance of the
      year or we can avail only our gathered medical fund amount. Its very helpful policy for
      needy people.
   ·  Reimbersement date is 25th of every month, what it means is Muzzaffar gathers all the
      imbersement requests till 25th of every month and then he runs a procedure to reimberse the
      money as soon as possible.

Salary:
   ·  Muzzaffar tries to transfer the salary to the employee's accounts by 5th of every month that is
      pretty good.
